hi everyone thanks for tuning back again
I welcome you on to your Cooking Channel
let's be foodie today I will show you
how to make a very famous Indian
appetizer I know the first thing that
comes to anyone mind is samosa so let's
go through the ingredients first
you
let's start preparing our dough first in
a mixing tray add 1 and 1/2 cup of
all-purpose flour 2 tablespoon of
clarified butter which is key salt to
taste now mix flour and key add pinch of
nagila seeds some carom seeds 1 tbsp of
oil I'm using olive oil you can use any
oil mix it like this it will help in
mixing all the grains of fly with oil
and cream and this is the trick to make
a perfect crust of samosa add a little
bit of water at the time keep mixing
add some more water mix it kneading will
take about seven to eight minutes now
dough is done cover it with bed paper
towel and keep it aside for 20 minutes
let's start preparing the filling add 2
tbsp of clarified butter in the pan add
cumin seeds coriander seeds chopped
ginger
throw in some green chillies after 30
seconds add chopped onion give it a
quick stir keep stirring
after a minute or so add turmeric powder
just a pinch of
mix it add garam masala add some chaat
masala mix it all together nicely now
add some frozen peas
soppy keep stirring
after one and a half minute add black
salt
throwing boil and cube potatoes give it
a good mix
turn off the stove and add chopped
cilantro just give it a quick mix and
filling is ready let's check our dough
before I roll it I'll give a final need
divide it into three balls flatten it
and roll it you can see I have not
rolled it very thin so make sure it's
not very thin cut it with the help of
knife
apply water
and make corn seal it nicely
this is a perfect cone now add your
filling
apply water on the edges just press it a
bit so that filling doesn't come out
give it a pinch and stretch it and joint
all the edges like this seal it really
fine this is how you have to do it now
press it from the bottom so that your
samosa stand
this looks perfect cover the prepared
samosas while you're making rest let's
start frying heat your oil on low heat
the temperature should not be very high
at this point of time gently add your
samosas
try it on low medium heat and after five
minutes you can increase the temperature
on the medium heat and keep frying
it will take about 12 to 15 minutes to
get the nice brown golden color the
texture is perfect and crispy and it's
ready to serve you can enjoy with Tamron
tape chutney or with green chutney click
on the MF link for the recipe don't
forget to refer my other videos as well
hit line subscribe and you can also
follow us on Facebook Google+ and
Twitter thanks for watching